Add binder and translation team (#2325)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: ways_of_working.md

| Jennifer Ding <br>([@dingaaling](https://github.com/dingaaling)) | Research Application Manager, The Alan Turing Institute | 10% | 2021 - Present | - |
| Carlos Martinez-Ortiz <br>([@c-martinez](https://github.com/c-martinez)) | RSE community manager, Netherlands eScience Center | in-kind contribution | Feb 2020 - Present | - |
| Esther Plomp <br>([@EstherPlomp](https://github.com/EstherPlomp)) | Data Steward, Faculty of Applied Sciences at Delft University of Technology | in-kind contribution | Feb 2020 - Present | - |
| Sarah Gibson <br>([@sgibson91](https://github.com/sgibson91)) | Open Source Infrastructure Engineer, 2i2c & JupyterHub Community Development | in-kind contribution | - | Prevously: Research Data Scientist, Nov 2018 - Aug 2021 (40%) |
| Callum Mole <br>([callummole](https://github.com/callummole)) | Research Software Engineer, The Alan Turing Institute | Turing Binder Federation Membership - Project Contact | 2021 - Present | - |
| Camila Rangel-Smith <br>([crangelsmith](https://github.com/crangelsmith)) | Senior Research Data Scientist, The Alan Turing Institute | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead | 2020 - Present | - |

> |  Batool Almarzouq <br>([BatoolMM](https://github.com/BatoolMM)) | [ADD ] | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead | 2020 - Present | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  Batool Almarzouq <br>([BatoolMM](https://github.com/BatoolMM)) | Postdoctoral Researcher, KAIMRC and Honorary Research Fellow, The University of Liverpool  | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead | 2020 - Present | - |
```
